Dawn Abriel: Good morning.
Amanda Davis: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Hi, I'm Dr. Aubrey al your Amanda
Amanda Davis: Yes, my name is Amanda Davis. Nice to meet you.
Dawn Abriel: You to let me just get back to your chart.
Okay.
So,
Dawn Abriel: I wasn't clear from some the intake surveys that you did.
Dawn Abriel: Or what we're going to be helping you with in the bright heart health program.
Amanda Davis: I'm not being
Dawn Abriel: Oops, I can't hear you turn your you muted yourself.
Amanda Davis: I have another call. I get it to get some treatments out. Get off of opiates.
Amanda Davis: Okay, told by another an egg that you guys did Suboxone
Amanda Davis: So,
Amanda Davis: Well that's right for me.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever taken the buprenorphine before
Amanda Davis: Is that Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: It's the generic you printer Phoenix. The name of the medicine Suboxone is the the trade name, it's, it's the product name.
Okay.
Amanda Davis: So different
Dawn Abriel: Is a long acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: So you're taking short acting opioids and having to take more and more and your body is very dependent on as you go through withdrawal. When you stop taking it right
Amanda Davis: Yes. So immediately with
Dawn Abriel: The long acting, it stays in your body, depending on your metabolism between 24 and 36 hours. So, um, but you've never taken any one any from a friend or
Amanda Davis: I have from a friend. I was really sick in they went and got Suboxone from their mother and she allowed me to try him it it's stable. Yeah, but I was pretty really sick. And I didn't even get
Amanda Davis: A tab full cab.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um, so the the ones that I'm going to order for you depending on you know
Dawn Abriel: I don't know how many you're going to need until we've been interacting. So, Brittany, so they have to play it by ear.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but you'll you put them under your tongue.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: They have to stay there for two minutes and you cannot smoke eat or drink, just before you take your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: If you smoke a cigarette before you take your medicine it cramps down all your blood vessels and it and it constricts the ones under your tongue and you don't absorb the medicine.
Amanda Davis: Okay, so it's
Dawn Abriel: Very important not to smoke before
Amanda Davis: Taking okay
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let's start with, and the last time you had any kind of opioid
Amanda Davis: I had opiates yesterday. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And in what form.
Amanda Davis: And I had a Percocet. Oh no, I think it was oxycodone or cotton.
Dawn Abriel: And let's drink.
Amanda Davis: And it was a 30
Dawn Abriel: And how many were you taking per day.
Amanda Davis: And I
Amanda Davis: Just that was just the last thing I had and I whatever I can get
Dawn Abriel: But what was what's the most you've ever taken in one day.
Amanda Davis: Um, oh god, probably you gotta be careful with them because I'll knock you out and you sleep.
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Amanda Davis: I don't know God.
Amanda Davis: Probably like five to 10
Amanda Davis: And I usually do about a dramedy
Amanda Davis: And I have no desire to keep using I want to quit need your help.
Dawn Abriel: So by a gram a day do you mean of heroin.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And ID or smoking.
Smoking
Amanda Davis: All right, my face.
Amanda Davis: And look horrible.
Amanda Davis: Your hair's beautiful, by the way.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.
Amanda Davis: Know natural right
Dawn Abriel: I am way too lazy to do anything else but
Dawn Abriel: Yes, it's natural.
Amanda Davis: For the
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever used IV drugs.
Amanda Davis: No, only in the hospitals. I'm a breast cancer survivor. I've had a double mastectomy, and
Amanda Davis: They gave me lots of like DeLorean morphine.
Dawn Abriel: Sure. Sure. Of course. So do you have the bracket.
Amanda Davis: Only intravenous
Amanda Davis: Drugs that I've ever had.
I don't wait
Dawn Abriel: Do you, do you have the bracket gene, gene.
Amanda Davis: What is that
Dawn Abriel: It's all I mean you're, you're kind of young to have breast cancer. So most test for the genetic predisposition that
Dawn Abriel: Leads to early, early cancers.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, probably.
Amanda Davis: I have to look back at my medical records and see, to be sure.
Dawn Abriel: You really want to know that is
Dawn Abriel: Our AC.
Amanda Davis: We are a see here I'm going to note it yet. Hold on one second.
Amanda Davis: Be our AC.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, okay.
Amanda Davis: And if you haven't had that
Dawn Abriel: Gene you I mean I can't imagine that that they wouldn't have tested you for that, with, with such early on.
Amanda Davis: Right, with the early onset of the cancer.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Most people say that they developed a tolerance into dependence that was true for you. Right.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And any overdoses on any drugs.
Dawn Abriel: Not a medical complications that
Amanda Davis: Up. I've been really sick though from it. Like, that's why I won't drink alcohol.
Amanda Davis: I and I'm trying. I just want to quit everything so
Dawn Abriel: I don't think you're answering the question I asked, have you had like an infection around your heart. Have you had
Amanda Davis: I've had on market back no infections. Okay.
Amanda Davis: I've been fairly healthy
Dawn Abriel: But you think the heart attack was dead from doing cocaine or math.
Amanda Davis: And I don't know because I didn't even know I had it.
Amanda Davis: But I was in the doctor's office and they rushed me to the hospital.
Amanda Davis: I didn't feel good, but I didn't necessarily know I had a heart attack, you know, until the doctor told me
Amanda Davis: So I don't know what caused it, but it did. There was no infection. It took me to the hospital and check me out and it told me what kind of heart attack. I had, I can't remember. They say it's in the whatever area of the heart. I could get those records if you need them.
Dawn Abriel: No, I just
Dawn Abriel: It would really be
Dawn Abriel: Good for you to know this on the top of your tone.
Amanda Davis: Oh, because
Dawn Abriel: If you ever get taken in for something
Dawn Abriel: Them waiting to get the medical records, you'll be good before they can get the medical records.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I'm an emergency doctor by training. I know, Russ.
Amanda Davis: You know,
Dawn Abriel: People can tell me exactly what what they have, then I know what direction to go. So
Dawn Abriel: It would be handy for you to know. Just a few of these like which vessel was affected in your heart that is key.
Amanda Davis: Okay. Oh.
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Amanda Davis: His name, uh,
Amanda Davis: Huh.
Amanda Davis: Anybody else. Oh.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Any, any legal issues.
Dawn Abriel: Because of your drug use.
Amanda Davis: No, I'm lucky I have federal background check clear no record.
Amanda Davis: I'm good to go.
Dawn Abriel: People often say that a lot of their day is consumed with
Dawn Abriel: Thinking about the drugs binding the drugs buying them using them and then thinking how you're going to get more of them is that been your experience.
Amanda Davis: Um, yeah, it's definitely there.
Amanda Davis: But it's I just I can't take it anymore.
Dawn Abriel: That's when a lot of people get motivated
Dawn Abriel: Right when you when you first started using any illicit drug
Amanda Davis: 17
Dawn Abriel: And what was it,
Amanda Davis: Try black until
Amanda Davis: I was like 37
Amanda Davis: And 37 years old I tried and
Amanda Davis: You know,
Dawn Abriel: And any loss of relationships work problems.
Amanda Davis: I came really slow.
Amanda Davis: I came really close.
Amanda Davis: To that's part of the reason why I'm searching for recovery.
Dawn Abriel: You came close to which
Amanda Davis: My mom said I would loser by dinky cleaned up.
Amanda Davis: Not real supportive
Dawn Abriel: Times. That's what it takes it. You know, we call it tough love. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Don't hang up. Don't hang around if you're going to use. I love you, but I don't like this behavior.
Dawn Abriel: Right, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And and is this the first program you've been in
Amanda Davis: And I was in a program another time when I was coming off of all the pills. They. The doctor will switch me over to methadone.
Amanda Davis: Okay, I didn't. I don't care for the Methadone because you have to go every day. And it's really just a big inconvenience you know it's
Amanda Davis: I don't know. It's hard. I've got
Amanda Davis: Responsibilities I've got to take care of. And I can't afford to
Amanda Davis: Go every day.
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: Many people because of the way the opioids change your brain talk about having sleeping anxiety issues are those two for you also.
Amanda Davis: If I don't have my medicine. Yeah, it gets it's really hard for me to go to sleep.
Amanda Davis: I'll get diarrhea get hot flashes. I'll get
Dawn Abriel: Those or
Dawn Abriel: I'll get withdrawal symptoms. Those are withdrawal that's different, the opioids themselves cars sleeping anxiety issues. And that's what I'm asking you.
Amanda Davis: Oh, no.
Amanda Davis: It doesn't seem to
Amanda Davis: I think I've been introduced to it at such a young age to the doctors because it's all the same feeling, you know what I mean, it's
Amanda Davis: Same cause and effect. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness. No.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Amanda Davis: I just want to improve. I've got a significant other. We're planning on doing
Dawn Abriel: It with
Dawn Abriel: mild, moderate, or severe
Amanda Davis: Oh, and the question was, again,
Dawn Abriel: your stress level.
Amanda Davis: Moderate
Dawn Abriel: And that's because of the relationship economic educational, social, what kind of stresses. Do you have
Amanda Davis: A. I just don't want to lose any of my family families like the most important thing to me. And part of my core and who I am.
Amanda Davis: But I just I
Amanda Davis: It's a moderate
Dawn Abriel: And yourself.
Amanda Davis: Hold on one second. I'm getting interrupted.
Amanda Davis: Brianna.
Amanda Davis: I'm on the phone during an interview.
Amanda Davis: You get them.
Amanda Davis: Please.
Amanda Davis: Thank you.
Amanda Davis: MY GRANDKIDS want me
Amanda Davis: I told them I was doing a meeting and I couldn't say here's my granddaughter.
Amanda Davis: Sit down here so grammar to finish really
Amanda Davis: Thank you.
Amanda Davis: rather you didn't, I'm gonna go outside.
Amanda Davis: I
Amanda Davis: Was in a meeting.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I was asking about your self esteem.
Amanda Davis: Oh,
Amanda Davis: It's gone down. Now that I've been weight and
Amanda Davis: With
Amanda Davis: The medications and the use I've gained weight.
Amanda Davis: So my self esteem has gone down a bit.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to go into the medical history and
Dawn Abriel: Start with
See, I think I've got
Dawn Abriel: What year did you have the double mastectomy.
Amanda Davis: 2002 to 2009
Amanda Davis: And that was that's including reconstruction.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type is
Amanda Davis: A positive
Dawn Abriel: Now I've got to go through a whole big long list. So these are chronic things. Have you had any head trauma any diseases of your eye, ear, nose and throat
Amanda Davis: I'm excited.
Amanda Davis: And reconstruction on my nose.
Dawn Abriel: What year was that
Amanda Davis: I can, I can give you an estimate.
Amanda Davis: It's gonna be added twice, once in Ohio wants in Arizona, and I was
Amanda Davis: Probably 2005 is when I bought their Ohio house so the last one I would have had
Amanda Davis: 2005 is gonna be one. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And any bone, muscle. The Goodman joint problems I throw this out any thyroid disease, diabetes, anemia, cancer.
Amanda Davis: I mean I'm anemic, at times, I've had ovarian
Amanda Davis: Cysts they took out my ovary. One of my ovaries.
Amanda Davis: In it wasn't cancer, but it was like the one that when I had cancer. It was on my cervix and they had to cut out like 80% of my cervix and
Amanda Davis: They said I wouldn't have kids. Again, I had to
Amanda Davis: But
Amanda Davis: They were early
Amanda Davis: On don't know
Dawn Abriel: Any over any skin problems with rashes new models.
Amanda Davis: A little acne. I've gotten some balls that should probably be looked at.
Amanda Davis: On
Dawn Abriel: Epilepsy seizures headache stroke.
Dawn Abriel: Bipolar depression hallucinations, delusions suicidal thoughts or attempts
Amanda Davis: Know, ever.
Amanda Davis: NEVER DESIGNED TO BREAK did feel that way, I'd go to hospital.
Dawn Abriel: Good never tested positive for tuberculosis or been exposed to TV.
No.
Amanda Davis: They did a chest x ray and my lungs were fine. Um,
Amanda Davis: But I've had tests were tested positive but they did a test on me in
Amanda Davis: This did it went negative.
Amanda Davis: Okay it like it was a false positive, is what I'm trying to tell you. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And any problems with your liver, gallbladder stomach hemorrhoids hepatitis ulcers.
Dawn Abriel: Any hernias any incontinence bladder kidney bowel problems.
Amanda Davis: Good.
Dawn Abriel: And you weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots are irregular heart.
Amanda Davis: Had blood clots in my lungs and
Amanda Davis: They had me on. Can you name a couple of blood thinners.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's okay. We'll just
Dawn Abriel: There's so many of them mean the most common is heparin
Dawn Abriel: Or Coumadin so
Amanda Davis: Okay, um,
Dawn Abriel: But you're not on them now.
No. Okay.
Amanda Davis: I was on them for like a year and I can't think of the name of the medication is tattered z in it. But anyway, doesn't matter. They were my lungs. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Um, any other thing that you have had that I haven't asked you about
No.
All right. Oh my.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm going to get there. Just second
Dawn Abriel: Okay, the next next is surgeries. So you've had the breast.
Amanda Davis: double mastectomy.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: And then the app index appendectomy. Do you have your gallbladder and your tonsils.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and then you had a cervical
Amanda Davis: Cervical
Dawn Abriel: You had your cervix.
Dawn Abriel: Part of you started sprinklers
Amanda Davis: Of the cervix was out
Amanda Davis: But I don't know. I still had kids.
Amanda Davis: I can't have anymore. If I get any more to be not through normal
Amanda Davis: Production
Dawn Abriel: And no other surgeries.
Amanda Davis: The sinus reconstruction.
Amanda Davis: That was definitely surgery I choose up. I know it was horrible. They broke my nose and said it did, like, or they opened up the sinuses and stuff. Yeah. So I was bruised all over and I bet.
Amanda Davis: Face.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Is your mother alive.
Amanda Davis: And your health. Yes.
Amanda Davis: And Father. Yes.
Amanda Davis: Both alive and healthy. They started this new diet and because of the diet. They've lost we their cholesterol is down here, blood pressures down. You know, it's pretty amazing to see the diet.
Amanda Davis: Take you through it actually worked.
Amanda Davis: Oh, absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, brothers and sisters
Amanda Davis: I've got one brother.
Dawn Abriel: And is he alive and in good health.
Amanda Davis: Yes, he's alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Anyone else in your family have addiction problems.
Amanda Davis: Well, my father wasn't matter but me know so that means I can get only thing
Dawn Abriel: Tell me, what role tobacco plays in your life.
Amanda Davis: I'd like a cigarette right now.
Dawn Abriel: When did you start smoking.
Amanda Davis: I shouldn't smoke, but I do
Amanda Davis: Probably about
Amanda Davis: 20
Dawn Abriel: And are currently new smoker much
Amanda Davis: Well, probably about four or five the day
Amanda Davis: I've got nicotine patches.
Amanda Davis: I just got on the way they haven't been here yet. But when they come. I'm going to give those the world see great Oh hell yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about alcohol. Oh.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Never
Amanda Davis: Mom was an alcoholic. I've tried it. I don't like it. I get sick and
Amanda Davis: Just don't like it. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And delete more than a few fast food meals per week.
Amanda Davis: I gave up fast food. I am losing weight. I know I'm overweight still but I lost a lot of wheat.
Dawn Abriel: And you get regular exercise.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You take an aspirin every day.
Amanda Davis: No, but I probably should.
Amanda Davis: You spoke doctor
Dawn Abriel: Do you haven't sold smoke detector.
Amanda Davis: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You keep any firearms in your home.
Amanda Davis: No.
Dawn Abriel: You wear your seat belts.
Amanda Davis: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active right now.
Amanda Davis: No messman abstinent, and my
Amanda Davis: Boyfriend is in Afghanistan.
Amanda Davis: So we communicate with the computers.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born female and you identify as female
Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You were not adopted, no.
Amanda Davis: Not the man, where
Dawn Abriel: You've been on benzodiazepines, for how long.
Amanda Davis: With benzodiazepines.
Dawn Abriel: The quarter clear as Pam that you take
Amanda Davis: Oakland Pam. Uh huh.
Amanda Davis: That I haven't had that feel so um but
Amanda Davis: Let me think. I've taken it.
Amanda Davis: Probably
Amanda Davis: No.
Amanda Davis: Probably body, a year.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you were born and raised where
Amanda Davis: Albuquerque, New Mexico and Arizona. Okay. We move
Amanda Davis: In 1995 okay
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about your caffeine intake.
Amanda Davis: I've got to have a soda every day.
Amanda Davis: I go to the the
Amanda Davis: Circle K and pick up but 85 cents. I
Amanda Davis: 32 ounce.
Dawn Abriel: And marijuana use
Amanda Davis: Occasional yes
Dawn Abriel: And when do you start. How old were you when you started
Amanda Davis: The first time I tried it was probably 15 okay
Dawn Abriel: And the last time.
Amanda Davis: This morning
Dawn Abriel: And tell me your children's ages.
Amanda Davis: 1415 and 21
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
Amanda Davis: Some college
Dawn Abriel: Studying like
Amanda Davis: To be in medical home health care medical assistant and it was nice.
Amanda Davis: But I haven't you brought
Dawn Abriel: Your employment.
Amanda Davis: I'm currently because of everything that's going on. I'm not able to hold a job. I need to get well.
Amanda Davis: I need
Dawn Abriel: What I'm asking you is what kinds of jobs. Have you done in the past.
Amanda Davis: Oh yeah home health care. I've worked for Wells Fargo or at AMP T i was
Amanda Davis: It was call centers.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Tell me the first time you use math in the last time.
Amanda Davis: Before Christmas time.
Dawn Abriel: Was the first time.
Amanda Davis: Know before Christmas, saying, I got to try it and
Amanda Davis: I know, I know.
Amanda Davis: I haven't done it since before Christmas.
Amanda Davis: First time we tried it, I was like 18 years old. Okay and cocaine.
Amanda Davis: Not my drug of choice. I don't do that.
Dawn Abriel: First time you tried it in the last time you had it.
Amanda Davis: Which one cocaine.
Amanda Davis: And I tried it with my brother and
Amanda Davis: We
Amanda Davis: Give a line together.
Amanda Davis: And I don't like it. So it's 2009 Marcy
Amanda Davis: And then 2019
Dawn Abriel: And you have a home, you're not homeless.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I've got an apartment. It's a one bedroom apartment. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
Amanda Davis: I spend a lot of time with my grandkids and my children I love them to pieces. My mom, my dad, you know, I'm real big on family right now. I'm trying to rekindle relationships and
Amanda Davis: You know, work on the future.
Amanda Davis: I just have to get sober.
Dawn Abriel: Have you gotten into using cradle.
Amanda Davis: Let's create them.
Amanda Davis: Nevermind.
Dawn Abriel: You have no no legal issues right now and you live with your children or
Dawn Abriel: Here.
Amanda Davis: And I live. I have an apartment alone in Arizona, and then I have but I've never there. I'm always here. My daughter's apartment she have a two bedroom and she gives me one room and she has a room, I'm sorry, I'm with my daughter.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um, do you have a religious preference.
Amanda Davis: Buddhism and Christian
Right.
Dawn Abriel: And your source of support right now.
Amanda Davis: And
Amanda Davis: I don't know.
Amanda Davis: I don't have much of one
Amanda Davis: Kind of crumbling
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You're not getting any public assistance or
Food stamps.
Dawn Abriel: Well. And how old were you when you first started having periods.
Dawn Abriel: And you had, when was the first time you had an abnormal Pap smear.
Amanda Davis: Know customers have been good except for when I had the cancer about
Dawn Abriel: irregular periods.
Amanda Davis: I've got
Amanda Davis: One. What is it called when
Amanda Davis: You have extra girls in the uterus and stuff like that.
Amanda Davis: I swear I'm getting older and experiencing memory problems. It probably has everything to do with
Amanda Davis: The stuff.
Amanda Davis: I can't think of a word.
Amanda Davis: Say my uterus.
Dawn Abriel: Maybe it'll come to you and how many pregnancies. Have you had
Or
Dawn Abriel: And you have three full that live
Dawn Abriel: Three living children.
Amanda Davis: Right.
Amanda Davis: Three children.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now I'm going to ask you, I have to ask you a bunch of questions. But first I'm going to list the withdrawal symptoms.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: What are you experiencing right now.
Amanda Davis: I'm almost done. Okay.
Amanda Davis: What's wrong broken stuff.
Amanda Davis: Well, let me
Amanda Davis: Just watch your wives meeting and then I'll watch her
Amanda Davis: Daughter's becoming ambitious she needs my help.
Amanda Davis: Okay, go ahead.
Dawn Abriel: The withdrawal symptoms that you're having right now.
Amanda Davis: And yeah, that's like, sweating, vomiting, tremors, hot spells.
Amanda Davis: Diarrhea
Dawn Abriel: OK, so now I have to ask you a really long list of things, stop me if any of them apply to you, but don't say yes to withdrawal symptoms. These are separate from withdrawal fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking
Eating
Amanda Davis: Eating a lot
Dawn Abriel: And and what is that from
Amanda Davis: I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: loss of vision change vision, blurred vision, red eyes ringing in your ears drainage from your ears hearing last difficulty hearing chronic nasal congestion bloody nose so tongues or mouse or lips.
Dawn Abriel: Neck pain, stiffness or lumps shortness of breath coffee or difficulty catching your breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat, not being able to breathe when you're lying down swelling in your ankles varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation, do you have constipation from opioids.
Amanda Davis: Sometimes, yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, painful urination blooding you urine urinating a lot You're needing to little
Dawn Abriel: Change in hair nail or skin texture itching new models, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp.
Dawn Abriel: headaches, dizziness, lightheadedness faint numbness, tingling, weakness, weakness, lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression sadness interfering with function anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: And sleep disturbance suicidal thoughts hopelessness delusions or hallucinations or easy bruising.
Amanda Davis: Know,
Dawn Abriel: Then let's say what what medicines are you taking on a regular basis.
Amanda Davis: Well as appealing.
Dawn Abriel: And that's a half a milligram tablet.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, and
Amanda Davis: It's
Amanda Davis: Yeah, the little half milligrams, whatever. I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: I haven't anything else.
Amanda Davis: Um, no trouser down at night.
Dawn Abriel: 50 milligram tablets.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Anything else
Amanda Davis: No, not early
Amanda Davis: Not that I remember.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any allergies to medicine.
No.
Amanda Davis: Oh, composition, I don't do well with it gets me where I breathe and even not well composition
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your own pulse.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, and my
Amanda Davis: God take the pulse.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I want you to get it and then I'll tell you when to start counting
Amanda Davis: Okay, hold on, let me get it. I haven't found it yet.
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: Watch me do it.
Dawn Abriel: If you take your left hand and go to the right side of your neck. Yeah. And if you push too hard, you block it off. So it's right in front of this muscle here.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Got it. Okay, hold on.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Stop.
Dawn Abriel: What number
Nine.
Dawn Abriel: Already and
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
Amanda Davis: Five, four and a half inch
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
Amanda Davis: One ad
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now we need to do a physical exam. I want you to get really close to the camera. Pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: You're not your eyes, not in the camera part
Dawn Abriel: So watch me do it. Watch me do it. There you go. That's what I needed. Okay, let go, relax. Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down okay look straight ahead, read that and neither side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: Stick your tongue out at me open really wide.
Dawn Abriel: And move your tongue, side to side. Good. Close your mouth by down your jaw fits normally
Dawn Abriel: And good and let me see you swallow.
Amanda Davis: Hey,
Dawn Abriel: And take a deep breath, put the camera down a little bit so I can see your chest. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and put the camera where I can see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower rate lower left no pain.
Dawn Abriel: Or no NASA's in there. Good.
Dawn Abriel: No then move the camera down to your ankles and let me see that there's no
Dawn Abriel: Swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Okay. Now prop the camera up somewhere.
Dawn Abriel: And I want to see you pull your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good no pain when you do that.
No. Great. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have tattoos.
Yeah.
How many
Amanda Davis: 1234566 or seven seven
Dawn Abriel: And where they all professionally done no complications.
Yeah.
Amanda Davis: If they were done at home, they were done with a clean needle and everything. Brand new out of the package.
Amanda Davis: Brand new to
Amanda Davis: You never mix the ink.
Dawn Abriel: Dope.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about
Dawn Abriel: The program. If you're not working.
Dawn Abriel: We like to put people in the daytime. So what you're signing up for is one hour a week of group therapy and one hour week of individual therapy. Have you ever been in individual therapy before
Amanda Davis: No, yeah, okay. I have to do two hours of therapy, a week.
Dawn Abriel: One hour of group one hour of individual
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And and when you're in group, it has to be
Dawn Abriel: No one can be interrupting you. You've got to make it so that you can stay there for the full hour and you cannot smoke during group because a lot of people are trying to stop smoking. So it wouldn't trigger them to see you smoking so
Dawn Abriel: You have to be their own time, obviously. And do you know anyone else in bright heart health.
Amanda Davis: Now, but that wouldn't be a problem that makes me excited and makes me feel like I have a schedule things I need to do. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You will go to the virtual clinic, just like you did to get into seen me
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You have, you have to do that before every individual in every group.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And after we're done today.
Dawn Abriel: I want you to go back to the virtual clinic at some point today and ask them to line you up to do two more things we need to do an ace survey aceee
Dawn Abriel: Adverse Childhood events. I want to know what your early childhood was like it's 10 questions one time and you're done. The other thing is, before every group, you have to do a survey called the brief addiction monitor or BAM.
Dawn Abriel: Into the band. The night before an hour before doesn't matter.
Dawn Abriel: But I read every single one of them every single week because you can't always talk about everything that's going on for you. And if I see some red flags going up, but because of the answers. Then I will make a point of trying to get ahold of you and and
Dawn Abriel: See if we can keep helping you.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to do that after after this meeting, we write he prescriptions electronic you'll never get a hard copy of a script to take to the pharmacy.
Amanda Davis: So you have to
Dawn Abriel: Tell the pharmacist is my E prescription ready
Amanda Davis: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: I recommend that you count your film, the little film that you're going to get before you leave the counter. If you walk away from the counter.
Dawn Abriel: They will not take it back. By law they cannot take it back. They cannot change it if for some reason they accidentally short you that is on you. It is they I deal with this all the time. People forget to count their film and then
Dawn Abriel: They it's clearly the pharmacy swallow that there's no way of holding them accountable, unless you're right there at the counter.
Amanda Davis: Okay, so I'll count them when I pick them up at the counter. Just to be sure, because I don't want any discrepancies.
Dawn Abriel: That's right.
Amanda Davis: That's right.
Dawn Abriel: You want to make sure you have the right kind the right amount the right number
Dawn Abriel: For all of it. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm also going to give you some Narconon everyone who takes opioids should have some nerve can
Dawn Abriel: Them and they'll you're going to get an email that shows you how to use it, you can go to the little website and they'll show you how to use it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, every month.
Dawn Abriel: Right hurt health will mail you
Dawn Abriel: A envelope that looks like this, a manila envelope and on the inside will be a urine cup.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When you get it, do not open it. If you open it. They don't count it, and you have to go to a lab to get your, your urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: And have you already gotten your labs drawn from. Have you gone to a class.
Amanda Davis: Oh. Nobody's even given me information about that yet.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that's the third thing you're going to ask them is,
Dawn Abriel: To have them show you tell you where the nearest quest is you'll go, they'll your say I'm on the international list. I'm with bright heart health, your name should be on the list, the order is there, you get your blood and urine and you're out the door.
Dawn Abriel: It should be if for some reason it's
Amanda Davis: Not it's where I class last
Dawn Abriel: Question. Yeah.
Okay.
Amanda Davis: Bring my ID and myself in and they'll take the blood
Dawn Abriel: You're going to tell them that you're with right heart health.
Okay.
Amanda Davis: Right heart health.
Dawn Abriel: Right. If your name is not on the list. Do not leave the lab.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Just call right hard hell and have them fax over a copy of the order
Dawn Abriel: It may be that you're so so new, you have your name hasn't gotten on the list yet but I'm
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: We haven't had that problem in years since we you know we have a contract with quest, so they they know about us and we have a lot of patients with them.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: If something is unusual in your urine. We have never kicked anyone out of the program because they have creative things in their urine. We just say it looks like you're starting to use a lot of math or whatever. Would you like some more help, you know, obviously you're
Dawn Abriel: Something's going on so
Amanda Davis: Let me help you.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, um,
Dawn Abriel: So let's decide on your group, there's a
Dawn Abriel: I'm a Monday at nine.
Dawn Abriel: On Monday at one
Amanda Davis: Hold on, I got an arc this Monday at nine.
Dawn Abriel: Right Monday at one
Dawn Abriel: The one with the least number of people in it right now is Tuesday at seven in the morning. Are you a morning person.
Amanda Davis: That's too early Monday at one
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Amanda Davis: And that's a group
Dawn Abriel: That's a group. There's also
Dawn Abriel: A
Amanda Davis: What's the group ID for it.
Dawn Abriel: So. So remember I told you, you have to go to the virtual clinic. Every time before group.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: They will give you the group ID number, it changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: Because they need to check in and make sure you've done your urine drug screen that you've done your band for that week that you've done your copay or whatever is needed in that arena.
Amanda Davis: Okay, I'm trying to note this down Monday at 1pm is group and what it. When is my other well
Dawn Abriel: We have them. Hold on a second. I haven't told you the other times.
Amanda Davis: Okay, hold on a minute.
Amanda Davis: And
Dawn Abriel: unless unless you really wanted to just that's
Amanda Davis: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to get into the place where I can look at
The group's
Dawn Abriel: I used to have them memorized, but right heart health is grown and
Dawn Abriel: Alright, there's also a Wednesday at 130
Amanda Davis: OK.
Dawn Abriel: And a
Dawn Abriel: Thursday at 11 or there's an nine o'clock. A 1230 and a 130 on Fridays.
Amanda Davis: Friday.
Amanda Davis: At one what time
Dawn Abriel: There's one at nine.
Dawn Abriel: And 12
Amanda Davis: And 130 1:30pm Friday 1:30pm Monday want and is that know at 1:30pm is that the counseling individual
Dawn Abriel: No, I'm we're just talking about group right now, just the group that
Amanda Davis: Has to go to. I can do one group, a week. Right.
Dawn Abriel: You do one group, a week one individual therapy session a week. So you're committing to two hours a week to bright heart health to your recovery.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So right now we're just focusing on the group which group do you want to go to
Amanda Davis: Monday at 1pm okay
Let me
Dawn Abriel: Let me just ask the counselor if she can take you. Okay.
Amanda Davis: When
Dawn Abriel: I'm emailing her right now.
Amanda Davis: She could take me into the new group.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Let's talk about taking the Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: I think because of the dose of
Dawn Abriel: Options that you've been on, you're going to need at least one whole eight milligram strip
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: Let's start with that and you'll know if it's too much medicine because you'll get sleepy. It'll make you drowsy.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and then you would just back off by taking off a tiny little piece.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, off of it. But, I'm, I'm going to send you an email that has going to the one of the therapist rather one o'clock. If she can take you
Dawn Abriel: Her email and phone number.
Dawn Abriel: Your manager.
Dawn Abriel: Down. I'm going to send you an email.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, it has that information. Don't lose the email. Do you go to your email once a day.
Amanda Davis: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good, because that's how bright heart health, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Communicate mostly is through email that the care coordinators.
Dawn Abriel: Are there to help you. That's their job. They were hired to help people answer questions too. If you want to get ahold of the doctor or the therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Or you're having a problem with the pharmacy. You go to the virtual clinic and generate an issue, and they will make sure it gets put to the right person and that
Amanda Davis: Okay. The problem gets answered. Okay.
Amanda Davis: I didn't
Amanda Davis: Get blood
Amanda Davis: And get a 10 question thing, do I check in with the virtual clinic to do that.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, you should remember after you're done with me. You're going to go do the ACE survey learn how to do the BAM and ask about your labs.
Amanda Davis: All done. Let me, let me send a note to myself.
Amanda Davis: The ACE test.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Amanda Davis: And what else
Dawn Abriel: Hold on. Second,
Dawn Abriel: The BAM. The brief addiction monitor
Amanda Davis: The BAM.
Amanda Davis: Yeah. Where do I get the Batman.
Amanda Davis: Test.
Dawn Abriel: Wow.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to go to the virtual clinic after you're done with me and you're going to say to them, the doctor wants me to do the ace and learn how to do the BAM and they will show you
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And then ask them, which is where is the closest quest lab to me and go get your blood drawn, I cannot write you another prescription if you don't get the blood drawn
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. So, and if you show up for group you get your medicine. You don't show up for group know Madison.
Okay.
Amanda Davis: It's, um,
Dawn Abriel: That's the only like way we have of controlling things so um so going here is the therapist and she saying can you meet on February 4 at
Amanda Davis: February 4
Dawn Abriel: At 215
Amanda Davis: And what's her name.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to send you an email with her name and phone number.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you've got it written down, February 4
Dawn Abriel: You will go to the virtual clinic and say, I have an appointment with the therapist and they will know
Dawn Abriel: Because you'll have the email with one of yours name and you'll know where to go.
Amanda Davis: Have an appointment.
Amanda Davis: Check in
Amanda Davis: Oh,
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Amanda Davis: What time do I need to check in for 215 appointment.
Dawn Abriel: Probably at two o'clock.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Amanda Davis: Gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: And and
Dawn Abriel: So the first meeting with her is just sort of, it's not an she asked some of the same questions I asked. Mine is more medical who is more mental health questions.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But by the time you see her. You should be a lot more stable and
Dawn Abriel: And be able to answer questions because you've been on the soapbox on for a few days. So, but
Dawn Abriel: I want to check in with you. Today's
Dawn Abriel: Oh god, it's already February already, isn't it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Unbelievable.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to meet with her on the fourth. So I want to meet with you on the Monday, just to make sure your medicine is squared away.
Okay.
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: It's really important. Amanda that you you pay attention to how long the Suboxone is lasting.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When you start to get a runny nose or hot flashes, write it down. Oh, it happened at two o'clock in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: Then I know
Dawn Abriel: How much more medicine. I need to give you
Dawn Abriel: If you, if you're not
Dawn Abriel: If you're not paying attention. Then I can't know how to help you.
Amanda Davis: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So don't ignore the body signals.
Amanda Davis: Right. Okay. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so for now. What, what you're going to do just one time for one day, you're going to get a Suboxone you're going to cut it in half, you're going to take four milligrams
Dawn Abriel: Half of the eight and you're going to see how long it lasts you if you are still having withdrawal symptoms you take the other half, that's eight milligrams. And you see how long that lasts you
Dawn Abriel: Then if if you're okay for the rest of the day, then the in the morning, tomorrow you take the whole strip all eight milligrams. First thing in the morning.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You never divided up again dividing it up is only for the first day.
Amanda Davis: Okay, so you
Dawn Abriel: Just you don't overdose on it.
Dawn Abriel: Because it is possible to take
Amanda Davis: A strip
Dawn Abriel: See how you do take another half if you need it. Or you can even cut it in half, it doesn't, you know, just see you're paying attention to how much you're going to need
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So Monday is my
Dawn Abriel: Monday lets you and I get on to zoom
Dawn Abriel: At
Dawn Abriel: How about
Dawn Abriel: Noon.
Dawn Abriel: That work.
Amanda Davis: Monday at noon. Uh huh.
Amanda Davis: Okay, what time is my my
Amanda Davis: Group which 1am i doing Monday or the Friday.
Dawn Abriel: Monday one
Amanda Davis: Two appointments in one day.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. You cannot but this, this doesn't count as you won't get billed for checking in with me for medicine.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
And
Dawn Abriel: Right, so you're going to be we have Monday at one for group and then you have Tuesday at 215 with Gwen a year to do the bio psychosocial and to get lined up for your individual therapy.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Amanda Davis: So,
Dawn Abriel: Before group.
Amanda Davis: I have Monday at one
Amanda Davis: I have
Amanda Davis: Right.
Mm hmm.
Amanda Davis: So it's a very fourth Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: February 4 is a Tuesday. Correct. So what I'm asking. Amanda is to check in about your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: I want to check in Monday before group.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Amanda Davis: So Monday at 12 yeah
Dawn Abriel: It's just real quick. We're just going to
Amanda Davis: Meet through another throw your name.
Dawn Abriel: First name.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, da da W N
Amanda Davis: Dawn and last name.
Dawn Abriel: A B r IE LL
Amanda Davis: Mm hmm.
Amanda Davis: Okay.
Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Tell me what you're going to do after we're done.
Amanda Davis: I'm gonna
Amanda Davis: check in about the ACE test lab work and the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay.
Um,
Dawn Abriel: And I'm going to write the prescription and it'll be at the CVS that you gave the virtual clinic people
Dawn Abriel: And sharing their within an hour, so should be ready to pick up. I recommend that you call first and say, Is my E prescription ready
Okay.
Amanda Davis: Okay, thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Nice meeting you and
We'll see.
Amanda Davis: You Monday.
Amanda Davis: Bye Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's go back to
This poor lady as so much damage to a brain.
Focus very well.
Dawn Abriel: I hope my impatience doesn't show. I'm always embarrassed by I know they have a brain disease. I know I need to be more patient
And I'm not always
So notes.
Dawn Abriel: So on her you'll fill in the bubbles.
Dawn Abriel: I did some of the bubbles because of all the talking. She does. Did I thought, well, I might as well. Fill this stuff in.
Dawn Abriel: And the assessment is
17.1, I believe. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And the plan is going to include
Dawn Abriel: Medical chuckling about induction on Monday at
Dawn Abriel: Noon just before her minded group.
Dawn Abriel: I will put that impulse
Dawn Abriel: Mood, in effect, range.
Dawn Abriel: Dude,
Dawn Abriel: See
Here stated
Dawn Abriel: She actually appears
Dawn Abriel: Older
Dawn Abriel: Stay stated age.
Dawn Abriel: Thought process appropriate for age.
Dawn Abriel: Term
Memory.
I'll see a pathetic here.
Evidence
Dawn Abriel: Loss long
Dawn Abriel: Attention concentration
Dawn Abriel: Say,
Dawn Abriel: Requiring
Her
Dawn Abriel: Insight was poor.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.